hello hello hello are you on the channel
Princess Luba and today Luba
will open such an interesting one
box called Masha and the Bear and
updo wave about this and this
Mom will help us
oh, what a huge lot let's see
what's inside us
plasticine red blue green and what
colors any of the yellow of this
plasticine we will do hairs for
car
if you water the yellow mafia well
show my love this chair
here it is what scissors we use these scissors
We'll cut the hair of the car and this
mold for sculpted hairs here
there are such here they are all sorts of different
nist her straight curly hairs
Lyubochka wants curly hair and eat
still here are these molds for a stand for
create bow hairpins
bay yes wow class photo as well as
sticker with the image of a car and a mouse
today we will do hairstyle for
car cheers
come on now let's start
But our mother has collected such a mini
torso mach now to
it has become less like us
yours
we stick a sticker and then we will
move hairs here is our hairdresser
the chair is ready and now we will do
beautiful hairstyle for our typewriter
need to put the bed holes here
our will be our yellow hair
put there more clay and
crumbs everything is there too here you put
all clay from our mashu and now there
and our hairdresser's chair is one
special plug
let's let's crush and crush
and crush and interesting
Here such too long hair to
bring them more less page-word
let's have our thoughts come out now
so thats one hair you cut you
cut our typewriter hair here
the hairstyle we got lovage dry
her hair dryer as lyubasha will
dry here well done
love
scratched a typewriter and now we will do
colorful bows hairpins we
made different hairpins for our car
for the peaks and hearts of the butterfly will now
decorating her hair let let take
we decorate our mashu and cool you
two butterflies
here so to the right leg we have blue
the butterfly on the left leg is red
But we Masha becomes such
gorgeous she is so hairy she is very
beautiful to which all good is such a
hairstyle Moshe
it turned out still love was one
hairpin let's show our ready
like every beautiful thanks for nothing
scary and hairstyle for Misha we will be with
love to do next time you
I liked to do hair all bye
until
and now we will go sit down and say to all for now
bye Bye Bye
fingers bye bye